Clarify section Property sharding -> Limitations and considerations -> Filtering on properties in paths (#2987)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/scalability/sharded-property-databases/limitations-and-considerations.adoc

[source, cypher]
----
MATCH (n:Person)-[k:KNOWS*1..]->(m:Person)
WHERE any(rel IN k WHERE rel.creationDate = 1268465841718)
RETURN n, k, m
----

A more performant version would be:

[source, cypher]
----
MATCH (n:Person)-[k:KNOWS {creationDate: 1268465841718}]->+(m:Person)
RETURN n,k,m
----

> This is possible because the second query uses a link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/current/patterns/variable-length-patterns/#quantified-relationships[quantified relationship] (`-[]\->+`), which enables batching relationships into sets and then fetching their properties from the different shards, and this is not possible when using the old link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/current/patterns/reference/#variable-length-relationships[variable-length relationship syntax] (`-[*1..]\->`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/current/patterns/variable-length-patterns/#quantified-relationships[quantified relationship] (`-[]\->+`), which enables batching relationships into sets and then fetching their properties from the different shards.
This is not possible with the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/current/patterns/reference/#variable-length-relationships[variable-length relationship syntax] (`-[*1..]\->`).
```

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
```

> Property filtering on queries matching for link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/current/patterns/shortest-paths[shortest paths] (with or without quantified path patterns) may not yet be fully optimized for performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Property filtering on queries matching for link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/current/patterns/shortest-paths[shortest paths] (with or without quantified path patterns) may not yet be fully optimized for performance.
====
```
